Original line: Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent,
Words: four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent,
Only Letters: four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent
Average word length: 4.769231

Original line: a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all
Words: a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all
Only Letters: a new nation conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all
Average word length: 4.846154

Original line: men are created equal. Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing 
Words: men are created equal. now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing
Only Letters: men are created equal now we are engaged in a great civil war testing
Average word length: 4.000000

Original line: whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. 
Words: whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure.
Only Letters: whether that nation or any nation so conceived and so dedicated can long endure
Average word length: 4.714286

Original line: We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a 
Words: we are met on a great battle-field of that war. we have come to dedicate a
Only Letters: we are met on a great battlefield of that war we have come to dedicate a
Average word length: 3.562500

Original line: portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave 
Words: portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave
Only Letters: portion of that field as a final resting place for those who here gave
Average word length: 4.071429

Original line: their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper 
Words: their lives that that nation might live. it is altogether fitting and proper
Only Letters: their lives that that nation might live it is altogether fitting and proper
Average word length: 4.846154

Original line: that we should do this. But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate
Words: that we should do this. but, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate
Only Letters: that we should do this but in a larger sense we can not dedicate
Average word length: 3.642857

Original line: -- we can not consecrate -- we can not hallow -- this ground. The brave men,
Words: -- we can not consecrate -- we can not hallow -- this ground. the brave men,
Only Letters:  we can not consecrate  we can not hallow  this ground the brave men
Average word length: 3.312500

Original line: living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor 
Words: living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor
Only Letters: living and dead who struggled here have consecrated it far above our poor
Average word length: 4.692308

Original line: power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what 
Words: power to add or detract. the world will little note, nor long remember what
Only Letters: power to add or detract the world will little note nor long remember what
Average word length: 4.285714

Original line: we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the 
Words: we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. it is for us the
Only Letters: we say here but it can never forget what they did here it is for us the
Average word length: 3.235294

Original line: living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who 
Words: living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who
Only Letters: living rather to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who
Average word length: 4.615385

Original line: fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here 
Words: fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. it is rather for us to be here
Only Letters: fought here have thus far so nobly advanced it is rather for us to be here
Average word length: 3.687500

Original line: dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored 
Words: dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored
Only Letters: dedicated to the great task remaining before us  that from these honored
Average word length: 4.615385

Original line: dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last 
Words: dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last
Only Letters: dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last
Average word length: 4.357143

Original line: full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead 
Words: full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead
Only Letters: full measure of devotion  that we here highly resolve that these dead
Average word length: 4.384615

Original line: shall not have died in vain -- that this nation, under God, shall have a 
Words: shall not have died in vain -- that this nation, under god, shall have a
Only Letters: shall not have died in vain  that this nation under god shall have a
Average word length: 3.600000

Original line: new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people, by the people, 
Words: new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people, by the people,
Only Letters: new birth of freedom  and that government of the people by the people
Average word length: 4.000000

Original line: for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
Words: for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
Only Letters: for the people shall not perish from the earth
Average word length: 4.222222

Original line: Abraham Lincoln
Words: abraham lincoln
Only Letters: abraham lincoln
Average word length: 7.000000

Original line: November 19, 1863Words: november 19, 1863
Only Letters: november  
Average word length: 2.666667

